Use openapi.json for HTTP APi docs. (#698)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/api/http/post.api.mdx

---
id: post

> title: "Run tool."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Run tool"
```

> description: "The format of the request body and JSON response match the tool's"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The request body and JSON response formats match the tool’s specification."
```
